elder brother
Someone must have misunderstood
Ah!
You actually ruined my noble face
If I kill you, I must kill you!
I'm going to kill you!
He always says he's going to kill you
Human life is so evil in your eyes
So ask me the king's law hahahaha
I am the king
Then today I dare to say second, no one dares to say first
I am the queen of this city
bullshit
Your nightclub is popular
I really think of myself as a character
What is that?
How dare you touch me?
You are dead.
I don't want you to die.
Even if your daughter dies
Be my uncle
I want your whole family to die
You like murderers so much, don't you?
Good idea.
Then I'll send your whole family on the road tonight
You still touch my whole family
What the hell are you?
What qualifications do you have?
Then what are you?
You're entertainment industry junk
You dare to threaten the Dragon Emperor
Tang Tang richest man
Qing's richest man
I don't know the arrival of the Dragon Emperor
Welcome forever
Dragon Emperor Forgiveness
Swan sins